Install manpage on Linux system builds (#417)
PolyMC/PolyMC: CMakeLists.txt

        set(LAUNCHER_DESKTOP_DEST_DIR "share/applications" CACHE STRING "Path to the desktop file directory")
        set(LAUNCHER_METAINFO_DEST_DIR "share/metainfo" CACHE STRING "Path to the metainfo directory")
        set(LAUNCHER_ICON_DEST_DIR "share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps" CACHE STRING "Path to the scalable icon directory")

>         set(LAUNCHER_MAN_DEST_DIR "share/man/man6" CACHE STRING "Path to the scalable icon directory")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        set(LAUNCHER_MAN_DEST_DIR "share/man/man6" CACHE STRING "Path to the man page directory")
```

Author: oops, good find! :D

        # jars path is determined on runtime, relative to "Application root path", generally /usr for Launcher_PORTABLE=0
        set(Launcher_APP_BINARY_DEFS "-DLAUNCHER_JARS_LOCATION=${JARS_DEST_DIR}")

        install(FILES ${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR}/${Launcher_Desktop} DESTINATION ${LAUNCHER_DESKTOP_DEST_DIR})
        install(FILES ${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR}/${Launcher_MetaInfo} DESTINATION ${LAUNCHER_METAINFO_DEST_DIR})
        install(FILES ${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/${Launcher_SVG} DESTINATION ${LAUNCHER_ICON_DEST_DIR})

>         install(FILES ${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/${Launcher_ManPage} DESTINATION ${LAUNCHER_MAN_DEST_DIR} RENAME "${Launcher_APP_BINARY_NAME}.1")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        install(FILES ${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/${Launcher_ManPage} DESTINATION ${LAUNCHER_MAN_DEST_DIR} RENAME "${Launcher_APP_BINARY_NAME}.6")
```

I think this also needs to change with man6 :sweat_smile:
